---
title: Media Q & A
layout: post
author: george.gibbins
permalink: /media-q-&-a/
source-id: 1pxqNk5mxwjEDFvn0c4GnYnDCbFDlB-oCl2K0eMmSseI
published: true
---
**How was it to create your identity map?**

Well, it was quite hard because of the time and effort that was needed, so yeah quite hard.

**How did you feel sharing your identity with the rest of the class this way? **

Well, I Felt different because I had to cope with what results came and the comments that people gave out.

**How did it feel to comment on other peoples maps?**

It felt like I was helping them and not upsetting them at the same time.

**Did you enjoy this process or would you have rather direct conversation with the person? **

Yes I would have rather had to have a direct conversation but I still didn't mind this way of doing the process.

**How did it feel to have your work commented and were there any surprises?**

It felt sort of like it was constructive but I did have a couple of surprise comments where is how little writing I had done. But I don't like to write very much so I decided less is more in this case.

**How is this process is different from commenting on mine were you can't see the persons face?**

I guess it's different because if you don't see that person's face you won't see if they are upset but if you do see them you are more concerned about their feelings.

**Did your identity make you want to post more or less on social media in the future?**

To be honest it didn't because I am already careful online.

**Did your identity that makes you want to change anything online in the future?**

No as I am always careful online.

 **Did these past 6 lessons change your view on social media and if so why?**

Yes because it made me think how many ways you could use social media.

**Get the lessons change your plan is using social media in the future is so hard now?**

Yes  because I would want to use social media to its maximum potential.

